The manuscript improved significantly and the authors addressed my
comments carefully. However, there are still places that raise
questions and places that haven't fixed following the authors' response
to the reviewers.

* Sect. I, Para. 1: It'd be great if the authors introduce what u(t) is
and what type of u(t) is discussed through the manuscript.

* Sect. I, Para. 3, "Both algorithms require robots...": What are these
two algorithms? I don't see where these algorithms are introduced in
the paragraph. Are these one with frictionless walls and another with
high friction?

* Sect. III, Para. 4: In Eq. (4), could you please check if the
equation for \rho_{xy} is correct, especially the numerator part of the
fraction. Just a suggestion, but instead of \sigma_{xy}, cov(x,y) may
be a better symbol for covariance.

* In Sect. III, the authors introduced the square workspace with
parameters A and \beta and the circular workspace with parameters h and
\beta. However, later in the manuscript, the square workspace is
expressed with h and \beta without clear explanation about the
relationship between A and h for the square workspace. Could you please
add relevant explanation?

* Sect. III.B, Para. 2: the authors changed |\theta| < \pi/2 in the
initial manuscript to sin(\theta) < 0 in the revised manuscript.
Considering the angle reference for \theta, it looks to me that
|\theta| < \pi/2 is correct. Could you please double check this part?

* Eq. (9) needs more explanations, e.g., what \mu_f is and what each
case for F_f represents.

* Sect. III.B, Para. 2, "the following algorithms assume \mu_f is
infinite...": If \mu_f is infinite, then F_f = Fsin(\theta) following
Eq. (9) (unless N = 0), which means F_{forward} = 0. Could you be more
specific about this case and even add relationship between N and \mu_f?

* Eq. (10): Do you mean F-F_f has two cases? If so, the equality sign
is missing in the equation.

* Just a minor comment and suggestion. In my opinion, if some symbols
such as e_1, e_2, s_1, s_2 are defined as vectors, some part of the
manuscript could be more clear and concise.

* Please move Fig. 6 after Fig. 5.

* Sect. IV.A, Para. 4: L is not introduced.

* Alg. 1: How does Move() function work?

* Sect. IV.B, Para. 2, "The minimum workspace is then...": The sentence
looks incomplete.

* Eq. (14): What is f(x,y)? I don't think it has introduced in the
manuscript. If it was introduced earlier in the manuscript, it'd be
great if the authors remind the readers of what f(x,y) was.

* Sect. V, Para. 2: In the response to the reviewers, the authors
stated that they removed a closed-loop controller from the manuscript,
but there's a sentence about a closed-loop controller here. Does the
manuscript still include some contents about a closed-loop controller?

* Sect. V.B, Para. 2: To me, this is the first time to see the name for
\epsilon, "the amount of clearance". Could you introduce the name for
\epsilon earlier?

* In the manuscript and submitted video, the authors introduce a light
source as a global input. Do you assume that light intensity from a
light source will be uniform throughout the domain where robots perform
a shaping mission? If this is an assumption, how would you justify if
it's a valid assumption?