Reviewer 3 of IROS 2017 submission 409

Comments to the author
======================

This paper considers the problem of controlling a swarm of
particles (“robots”) through an external field leveraging
boundary contacts as the way of achieving high-fidelity
position control in 2 or 3 dimensions. This is an
interesting idea, i.e., that rather than endowing the
particles with independent actuation and computing
capabilities, they are controlled purely by being pushed
into boundaries in a controlled manner. 

My comments and concert regarding the paper is as follows:
- There is a bit of confusion in the introduction about
what exactly the system under consideration really is. It
is stated that each particle has 2 DoF without making it
clear that the 2D case is considered. Similarly, it is
simply stated that it is assumed that particles pushed into
the boundary have zero velocity, i.e., even if they are
pushed in at an angle, apparently the friction is always
high enough to overcome any resulting motion. This may be a
valid assumption for some classes of systems and
constraints on the field, but no real discussion of this is
provided beyond an off-hand reference to low-Reynolds
number environments. 
- Even though I really like the idea of using external
fields + boundary effects to manipulate the swarm, it is
not at all clear to me why exact positioning is important
to such a system? Simply stating that “Positioning is a
foundational capability for a robotic system” is not enough
of a justification.
- The paper contains quite a few grammatical “oddities”,
such as “The following sections examine using boundaries
that stop the particles if they are pushed into the wall.”
and it would be significantly strengthened by a careful
proof-reading.
- The 2-agent algorithm is quite intriguing. But, it is
rather complex and the generalization to n agents (it is
supposed to be a swarm after all) is not at all clear.
Instead, a few algorithms are presented and combined
without any type of real discussion about either optimality
guarantees, computational complexity, nor what the actual
assumptions are that the system must satisfy for this to be
useful. (See the next comment.)
- My biggest concern is that the algorithm seems to rely on
not only being able to exactly know individual particles
positions (which does not seem to gel all that well with
the talk about nano-robots) but also being able to
distinguish individual particles (which certainly does not
gel with the nan-robot story). Innocent-looking statements
like “If r_2.x…” in the algorithm actually involves both
knowing the position and the identify of robot 2. I truly
do not understand how this is done. It may be that this is
in fact doable, but the paper does not discuss this pivotal
issue at all!
- Even though the implementation is nice, it certainly does
not quite connect with the developed theory (1cm
discretized moves, toothed boundaries, 10 agents executing
a much simpler motion than what was discussed. As such, it
is not all that clear just what the experiment actually
shows beyond the fact that something somewhat related to
the rest of the paper was implemented in hardware. What was
actually learned/verified/improved as part of the
“experiment”?

In summary, this paper starts with a really interesting
idea (uniform fields and boundary interactions for swarm
control). But it does not quite deliver in that a large
number of hidden assumptions are required to make the
developed theory work (which is why the simulation works
great but the experiment is somewhat orthogonal to what is
actually developed in the paper.)


Comments on the Video Attachment
================================

The video is nice.